You must place ROM images here. For possible copyright reason and violation
of free licensed software contains closed source binary blobs, you must do
it yourself. Needed files in this directory (with exactly these names!):

* vic20-chargen		 4K long character generator ROM image of Commodore VIC-20
* vic20-basic		 8K long BASIC ROM image of Commodore VIC-20
* vic20-kernal		 8K long KERNAL ROM image of Commodore VIC-20
* clcd-u102.rom		32K long KERNAL ROM image of Commodore LCD
* clcd-u103.rom		32K long USER APP / BASIC ROM image of Commodore LCD
* clcd-u104.rom		32K long USER APP ROM image of Commodore LCD
* clcd-u105.rom		32K long USER APP ROM image of Commodore LCD

NOTE: Commodore LCD character ROM is missing! Because only _some_ Commodore LCD
units exist, it's quite unlikely that we can get one, so emulator use some kind
of hacky, "replacement" solution for the problem ...

You can also use Makefile to download the needed files from Internet:

make roms

(issued from the root directory of the project)

Some of the ROMs though are own ones (written by me) and included in the
repository by default (even in binary form) with source. If you try to modify
the source, you need CC65 suite (the CA65 assembler from it) to be able to
assemble them. These ROMs are currently the following ones:

vic20-emulator-tool.rom

	Commodore VIC-20 autostart capable ROM with the "built in monitor".
	Currently it's not a real monitor too much, but a place where you
	can "configure" the emulator from inside :)

clcd-u104-parasite.rom

	Loads on the "top of" the clcd-u104.rom ROM, to an unused place
	of it. It aims the Commodore LCD, with some KERNAL modification,
	it will able to locate it, and also includes in the original
	"menu system" (the SHELL).

The "make roms" command also compile the needed ROMs. Note: these ROMs are
optional, and emulators can work without them!


                       ---- ABOUT COMMODORE LCD ROMs ----



You can select various ROM patches in commodore_lcd.h

ROM_HACK_COLD_START

In the emulator, the original ROM images are patched. Note, that the emulator would
be able work with the *original* ROM images, as it should be. However these is some
problem that Commodore LCD seems to try to use SRAM as it would validly contains the
last power-on state (ie: SRAM is powered from battery even when the machine is
"switched off"). I am not sure if it's the problem of early, development ROMs, but
it seems the software fail in interesting ways if this requirement is not met. So the
two byte patch simply forces the KERNAL to re-initialize the RAM.

ROM_HACK_NEW_ROM_SEARCHING

Commodore LCD tries to find "application ROMs" (by looking for identifier string) at
every 16K, starting from physical address $20000 to $38000. Since I don't want to
"waste" the ability to use 128K of RAM, I've decided to use "unused" parts of the ROM
images. However the problem, that not fully free 16K is available, so with the default
searching MMU values, I can't put things there (which is shown by the menu system then,
etc). However, as we can see that we have "unused" MMU values as well (where no ROM
starts with the default images) I can modify values to point to ROM "window" to the
unused parts of the ROM images instead ... Ugly enough, I know. ;-)
